This Xu Yaoyu really remembers to eat or not to fight
Lin Fan, you have the nerve to laugh
Look at what you've done.
Lin Fan has re-invested 300 million yuan in the Shen family
What else do you want from him?
Although he pulled back the Shen family's investment
But Master Xu found Deputy Governor Li
Dawan Square has been designated.
You offended him.
Will there still be a foothold in the Jiangdong business community in the future?
As the saying goes
This arm can't twist the thigh
What's more
The Lieutenant Governor is above one person and below ten thousand people
Isn't this driving our Qiao family to death?
I'm going to call Ren Zhengtian, hello.
The number you dialed is empty.
Please check and dial again.
He may have changed his phone
I love that.
Don't you just open your mouth?
Like blind cats and dead mice
Did the damn rat touch it?
I'll have someone tell you face to face later
Lin Fan, you are really talented if you are not an actor.
The Governor's Secret Line
How can you get through at will?
You will know after the celebration of whether it is performed.
And
Is it time to keep your promise?
Promise what promise
Shen family capital injection has arrived
Qiao Group President Yu Qinghe et al
No, absolutely not.
Don't argue, you do have some abilities
But stabbed a bigger building
Now the Qiao family is in danger
How else can you tell me to cash in?
All right, see you in three days
Take Dawan Square
I hope to see Qinghe's president and committee member status